overview: 2.x: Remove mentions to OS variants (#2194)
balena-io/docs: shared/overview/2.x.md

We look forward to working with the community to grow and mature {{ $names.os.lower }} into an operating system with even broader device support, a broader operating envelope, and as always, taking advantage of the most modern developments in security and reliability.

### Development vs. Production mode

> {{ $names.os.lower }} can be download as production or development mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ $names.os.lower }} can be downloaded in production or development mode. This can be changed later via [developmentMode][config-json-developmentmode].
```
And add the new link at the bottom of the page pointing to `/reference/OS/configuration/#developmentmode`

Author: Done

> {{ $names.os.lower }} can be downloaded in production or development mode. This can be later changed via [developmentMode][config-json-developmentmode]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ $names.os.lower }} can be downloaded in production or development mode. This can be later changed via [developmentMode][config-json-developmentmode].
```

> The development mode is recommended while getting started with {{ $names.os.lower }} and building an application using the fast [local mode][local-mode] workflow. The development images enable a number of useful features while developing, namely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development mode is recommended while getting started with {{ $names.os.lower }} and building an application using the fast [local mode][local-mode] workflow. The development mode enables a number of useful features while developing, namely:
```

* Passwordless [SSH access][ssh-host] into {{ $names.os.lower }} on port `22222` as the root user, unless custom [ssh keys][config-json-ssh] are provided in which case key-based authentication is used.
* Docker socket exposed on port `2375`, which allows `{{ $names.company.lower }} push` / `build` / `deploy`, that enables remote Docker builds on the target device (see [Deploy to your Fleet][deploy-to-fleet]).
* Getty console attached to tty1 and serial.
* Capable of entering [local mode][local-mode] for rapid development of application containers locally.

> __Note:__ Raspberry Pi devices don’t have Getty attached to serial by default, but they can be configured to enable serial in the {{ $names.cloud.lower }} dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Note:__ Raspberry Pi devices don’t have Getty attached to serial by default, but they can be configured to enable serial in the {{ $names.cloud.lower }} Dashboard via [configuration variables][supervisor-configuration-list].
```
Add the link to `/reference/supervisor/configuration-list`

Author: Done
